I've shared a story or two this week
about my ongoing struggle with the elf
in our shelf at home if you don't know
what is this is a very sneaky way to get
kids to behave the elf watches
everything your child does and then goes
to Santa and rats them out when they do
bad things but now there's a new holiday
character to counter that little narc to
help kids spin their bad deeds and
hopefully make Christmas great again
tired of the Elf on a shelf snitching on
your every move
from the creators of Trump on a stump
and pencil offense a new elf to spin
your bad deeds introducing Huckabee in a
tree she sees what you're doing but
she's not gonna tell anyone he didn't
steal a cookie he don't even lock
cookies this holiday season protect
yourself from baal lamestream Elf on a
shelf with your own propaganda producer
ma'am I'm going to have to ask you to
leave or we'll revoke your living room
access the American people have every
right to grab anyone you want yes
fair enough Huckabee in at Reese's when
you're sleeping and knows when you're
awake
because her lies keep her up at night
sometimes it's nice to be naughty Obama
did that your mom's a snowflake protect
yourself from prosecution this holiday
season with Huckabee in a tree Kellyanne
and a garbage can sold separately
available at Walgreens
[Applause]
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe button below
Oh